Azure Kubernets docs (#1220)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/host/kubernetes/azure/configuration/_index.md

---
title: "Configuration"
description: ""
weight: 2
aliases: [/getting-started/kubernetes/azure/configuration]
---

> {{% tts %}} requires a few configuration files to be prepared. In this step, we create them and store them for further use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tts %}} requires a few configuration files to be prepared. In this section, we show how to create them and store them for further use.
```

<!--more-->

## Terraform Backend

Create a `config.azurerm.tfbackend` file and put it in `1-infrastructure`, `2-kubernetes` and one of the chosen DNS provider templates directories. We recommend `azure-dns` provider for this deployment.

```
storage_account_name = <storage_account_name>
container_name       = <storage_container_name>
key                  = <terraform_state_file>
use_azuread_auth     = true
```

## Deployment Configuration

Create a `deployment.auto.tfvars.json` file in `1-infrastructure` directory.

The following contains only the minimum mandatory fields for this configuration file. For a full list of possible values check the `variables.tf` file in this directory.

```
{
    "azure_ad_admin_group_object_id": <object_id>, # Object ID of the AKS admin group.
    "deployment_name": <deployment_name>,          # Name of the deployment.
    "environment": <environment>,                  # 'prod', 'staging' or 'dev'.

>     "cluster": <cluster>,                          # Cluster identifier for multi-cluster deployments.

Reviewer 2: Add a note that these three have to be unique in a resource group.
